---
uuid: d4e71b27-50e0-44f0-8dad-a666e2dc5601
duration: 60
---

We're now going to study the basic idea and concepts behind **Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)**.

## GANs

In general, **GANs** are a type of unsupervised learning, trained via self-supervised learning. The main use-case is to classify whether something is real or not. Very often, they are used to identify fraud or various SCAMs.

Their architecture involves two sub-models: a `generator` model for generating new examples and a `discriminator` model for classifying whether the generated examples are real, from the domain, or fake, generated by the generator model.

The discriminator is a typical, well-known classification model. The real examples come from a training dataset. The fake examples are output by the generator model.

> #### Instruction
> Watch the video below for a short introduction to *GANs*.

<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-Upj_VhjTBs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


That was quick and simple but there was quite a lot of new information crammed into those three minutes. So, before we move on to practice, we will watch another one that with a somewhat slower pace and more thorough explanations.

> #### Instruction
> Watch also the `Introduction to GANs` by the creator himself in the video below.


<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9JpdAg6uMXs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## Conclusion

By now, we should have a basic idea about *GANs*. In the following reading, we will review some interesting use-cases before moving to Python.